Dear Christine, you asked me for help about your school project, the lives of children in
Victorian Britain. I was also interested. I searched online and found out the following.
In Victorian Britain thousands of people came to the cities to work in the factories,
instead of the green, open countryside, people lived in very small houses, very close to each
other, with no space for children to play. Families in those days were quite big. Often there were four
or five children in one family, and they all had to sleep in houses of just two rooms. Sometimes
a whole street had to share one outside toilet. Can you imagine that? Most of the big cities were
dirty and unhealthy. The pollution from factories filled the air. People put their rubbish outside
in the streets. As a result there were many illnesses. And life was harder for children in those times,
they didn't always go to school because they had to work instead. Many children started work in
factories when they were only four or five years old. They worked 12 hours a day in dangerous
jobs for very little money. Many were hurt in accidents with machines. I hope this is helpful.
Write to me if you need more information with love.